How did serfdom develop in and then leave Russia 
What films featured the character Popeye Doyle 
How can I find a list of celebrities ' real names 
What fowl grabs the spotlight after the Chinese Year of the Monkey 
What is the full form of .com 
What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch 
What team did baseball 's St. Louis Browns become
What is the oldest profession 
What are liver enzymes 
Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
When was Ozzy Osbourne born 
Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster
Who was The Pride of the Yankees 
Who killed Gandhi 
What is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced 
What sprawling U.S. state boasts the most airports 
What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with 
How many Jews were executed in concentration camps during WWII 
What is `` Nine Inch Nails '' 
What is an annotated bibliography 
What is the date of Boxing Day 
What articles of clothing are tokens in Monopoly 
Name 11 famous martyrs .
What 's the Olympic motto 
What is the origin of the name ` Scarlett '
What 's the second-most-used vowel in English 
Who was the inventor of silly putty 
What is the highest waterfall in the United States 
Name a golf course in Myrtle Beach .
Which two states enclose Chesapeake Bay
What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for 
What does a spermologer collect 
How many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score 
Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' 
How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly 
What do Mormons believe 
When did the neanderthal man live 
In what religion was Isis the nature goddess
Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place 
What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear 
How can I register my website in Yahoo for free
What was cash-conscious Colonel Edwin L. Drake the first to drill
How many people in the world speak French
How many inches over six feet is the Venus de Milo
How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution
What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse
What cocktail inspired John Doxat to write the book Stirred-Not Shaken 
What ISPs exist in the Caribbean
How do you ask a total stranger out on a date 
What weapon is the mythological character Apollo most proficient with 
What country do the Galapagos Islands belong to 
What is ethology
Who was the prophet of the Muslim people
Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from
Who is Snoopy 's arch-enemy
What is the nature of learning
What 's the only color Johnny Cash wears on stage
What 's the term for a young fox
What U.S. state lived under six flags
What is the Kashmir issue
Where is the Loop
What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it
What country 's capital is Tirana
What is titanium
Who do Herb and Tootsie live next door to
Which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with Los Angeles 
What is a caldera
Why do people get calluses
What are the names of the tourist attractions in Reims
What are Cushman and Wakefield known for
What body of water does the Danube River flow into 
Who is the founder of Scientology 
What does the six-footed Musca domestica become when it enters a house 
What is the history of skateboarding 
Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun 
How do I make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper 
What 19th-century painter died in the Marquesas Islands 
The corpus callosum is in what part of the body 
How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command 
What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .
What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource 
How many species of the Great White shark are there 
What is the origin of head lice 
What is the nickname for the state of Mississippi 
What was the first domesticated bird 
How many villi are found in the small intestine 
What country did King Wenceslas rule 
What is a fear of shadows 
Who were the five Marx brothers 
In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance 
When did CNN begin broadcasting 
What causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures 
What are bear and bull markets 
What J.R.R. Tolkien book features Bilbo Baggins as the central character 
What is `` dew point '' 
What is the meaning of Jesus 
What company 's logo is a `` W '' in a circle 
What is the definition of a cascade 
When did Rococo painting and architecture flourish 
What country 's national passenger rail system is called Via 
Who invented Make-up 
What is the origin of the word `` attic '' 
What did Delilah do to Samson 's hair 
What kind of animals were in the Paleozoic era 
Which of the following was Rhodes Scholar 
Who comprised the now-defunct comic book team known as the Champions 
How do you make a paintball 
What U.S. state is Fort Knox in 
What is a female rabbit called 
Where is the highest point in Japan 
Where do chihuahuas come from 
Where does Barney Rubble go to work after he drops Fred off in the `` Flintstones '' cartoon series 
What are the world 's four oceans 
What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature 
What is the largest snake in the world 
In what medium is Stuart Hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy 
Where on the Internet can I find a song lyrics database similar to the International Lyrics Server 
How much money does a back injury lawsuit get 
What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid 
What does the Georgetown `` Hoya '' mean 
Where can I find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read 
Which two products use a tiger as their symbol 
How is the election of a new Pope announced to the world 
How long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body 
How do chickens have baby chicks 
What is the historical relationship of Catholic Church and bingo 
How was the element calcium named 
What crooner joined The Andrews Sisters for Pistol Packin Mama 
What piano company claims its product is the `` Instrument of the immortals '' 
When did the Bounty mutiny take place 
What novel inspired the movie BladeRunner 
What is a transistor 
What is a film starring Jude Law 
What Hollywood dog died in the arms of Jean Harlow in 1932 
What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust 
How much would it cost to purchase a 2-foot-square party tent , with sides , 
What actress has received the most Oscar nominations 
What are equity securities 
What is gymnophobia 
How many years do fossils take to form 
Where is the Orinoco 
What was the name of the `` Little Rascals '' dog 
What city boasts Penn 's Landing , on the banks of the Delaware river 
What Broadway musical was inspired by Cervantes 's Don Quixote 
What is the origin of the word , JJ .
How many hostages were killed in the Entebbe raid 
How you can raise your IQ 
What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross 
Who produces Spumante 
Who earns their money the hard way 
Who founded the People 's Temple Commune 
What athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales 
How many bends are there in a standard paper clip 
Who discovered electricity 
What part of your body contains the corpus callosum 
Who was the first American in space 
What two South American countries do n't border Brazil 
What album put The Beatles on the cover of Time in 1967 
What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .
What is a dental root canal 
What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after 
What is the busiest air travel season 
What 's the colored part of the eye called 
What are hook worms 
Where is the Rose Bowl played 
Which Japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market 
Who is the mayor of Marbella 
What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert 
In what year did Thatcher become prime minister 
How many months does it take the moon to revolve around the Earth 
Where are the 49 steps 
In what year was De Gaulle elected president of France 
Who sings the themes for `` Dawson 's Creek '' and `` Felicity '' 
Who directed `` Jaws '' 
On what T.V. show could Tom Terrific be found 
What Indian tribe is F Troop perpetually doing battle with 
Where did Indian Pudding come from 
Why do some clothing labels say `` Use a nonchlorine bleach '' 
How many colonies were involved in the American Revolution 
What is the name of the city that Maurizio Pellegrin lives in 
Where can I find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse 
What game 's board shows the territories of Irkutsk , Yakutsk and Kamchatka 
What is the name of the managing director of Apricot Computer 
What is the occupation of Nicholas Cage 
Why do horseshoes bring luck 
What is the 401 , K , plan 
What causes pneumonia 
What are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere 
What does gringo mean 
What country contains Africa 's northernmost point 
What therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' 
Where is the Kalahari desert 
Which Ventura County police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history 
What city is sometimes called Gotham 
What dangles over the tongue from the palate 
Who created Dennis the Menace 
What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University 
When was the first Wall Street Journal published 
What countries have the largest areas of forest 
How do I start a web based business 
Name Alvin 's brothers
What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process 
How did Jayne Mansfield die 
When did the royal wedding of Prince Andrew and Fergie take place 
What actor said in A Day at the Races `` Either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' 
What explorer was nicknamed Iberia 's Pilot 
CNN began broadcasting in what year 
What is a ball that hits the foul pole called 
What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers 
Which company created the Internet browser Mosaic 
What are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born-child in Judaism called 
What was the education system in the 1960 's 
What South American city has the world 's highest commercial landing field 
How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access 
What is Betsy Ross famous for 
How many species of sharks are there 
What is `` snoogans '' 
How many people are there in the world 
What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer 
What organization 's offices were broken into at Watergate in 1972 
What is the design of the ship Titanic 
What does S.O.S. stand for 
Name a technique widely used to detect birth defects 
What is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother 
What is the `` 7-minute cigarette '' 
What four forms does gold occur in 
What is the acreage of the Chappellet vineyard 
How do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' 
When did beethoven die 
How much does a new railroad coal car cost 
What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British 
What is the filmmakers collabrative 
What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune 
What caused Harry Houdini 's death 
Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor 
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes 
What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world 
Where can I find a review of Nightmare on Elm Street in a film journal 
What 's the slowest Olympic swimming stroke 
What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk 
What disease is transmitted by the Anopheles mosquito 
What rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one-brand bar 
How many South American countries have the letter Z in their names 
What is the contents of proposition 98 
Where was George Washington born 
How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
Who wrote NN DT NNP NNP '' 
What is paracetamol 
What are the powers and weaknesses of Green Lantern 's ring 
Which mosquito 's bite draws blood , DT NN CC DT NN .
When was the first steel mill in the United States built 
What diminutive American female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 Olympics 
What is the origin of the name Katie 
What schools in the Washington , DC NN NN VBP NN NN NN NN .
When did the Berlin Wall go up 
Who is Terrence Malick 
What instrument is Ray Charles best known for playing 
What 's the meaning of the Latin battle cry Ad arma , ad arma .
What is the mascot for Notre Dame University 
What Las Vegas hotel burned in November , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives 
When did Mount St. Helen last have a significant eruption 
CNN is the abbreviation for what 
When did World War I start 
How many feet are there in a fathom 
What is a Canada two-penny black 
What European city do Nicois live in 
How can I find out what year a Beanie Baby was introduced 
What is the classic definition of tragic hero 
To what does Microsoft 's Windows 3 owe its success 
Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 
What are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting 
What did brontosauruses eat 
What color bottles do good Rhine wines come in 
Who was the lead actress in the movie ` Sleepless in Seattle ' 
Who was the 16th President of the United States 
Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson 
What is molybdenum 
When is Boxing Day 
What is the lowest level of the American judiciary 
When was the battle of the Somme fought 
How many people did Randy Craft kill 
What 's the official animal of Canada 
When did Spielberg direct `` Jaws '' 
What is the size of the largest akita 
What animal has the biggest eyes 
What is California 's capital 
Who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` The Cuckoo 's Egg Tracking a Spy Through the Maze of Computer Espionage '' 
Who was the founding member of the Pink Floyd band 
What European country is home to the beer-producing city of Budweis 
How do I find the balance of my social security account 
What is the history of Valentine 's Day cards 
Where was Christopher Columbus born 
What do Italians call Florence 
How do you get to the top of the Eiffel Tower 
What does ` PSI ' stand for 
What sea did the Romans call mare nostrum 
What 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt 
Which came first , according to Genesis 1 2 22 - the chicken or the egg 
What city did the Flintstones live in 
What is Latin for incompetent 
What chemicals are used in lethal injection 
What toy company is the world 's No.1 maker of female apparel 
What board game does a `` wood-pusher '' play poorly 
Which Doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf 
What is the abbreviation for micro 
What are the 7 articles of the constitution 
Who has won the most Super Bowls 
What does NASDAQ stand for 
What is BPH 
What is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the US 
What stadium do the Miami Dolphins play their home games in 
Who has the only speaking role in `` Silent Movie '' 
Why is poop sometimes different colors 
What was Einstein 's IQ 
What day was Pearl Harbor attacked in 1942 
What girl 's name is `` Teddy '' an affectionate form of 
What state is John F. Kennedy buried in 
What is the best way to remove wallpaper 
What U.S. state has an element named for it 
What company tabulates the ballots in voting for the Academy Awards 
How did the tradition of best man start 
How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink 
What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean 
What are Halloween 's colors 
How is silk screening done 
What is the latitude and longitude of El Paso , Texas 
Who made a boat out of gopher wood 
Where can I find a `` Fifth Element '' screensaver 
Which Bloom County resident wreaks havoc with a computer 
How do you match a name to a social security number 
How does a rainbow form 
What is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult 
What is the population of Ohio 
How many calories are there in a Big Mac 
Hazmat stands for what 
What creature scares people in the film `` Jaws '' 
What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America 
Who followed Caesar 
What are the four elements 
Who was the first woman golfer to earn a million 
What 's the tallest piece on a chessboard 
What is Answers.com 's address 
Where can I buy movies on videotape online 
Who does the advertizing for Frito-Lay 
Who is the leading competitor of Trans Union Company 
What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder 
Who invented the radio 
What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. 
What are the different approaches of systems analysis 
How do doctors diagnose bone cancer 
Who is the man behind the pig-the man who pulls the strings and speaks for Miss Piggy 
What is the speed of the Mississippi River 
What are the developmental stages of a swimmer 
What actor first portrayed James Bond 
What ocean is the largest in the world 
Who was the first American poet to win the Nobel Prize for literature , in 1948 
What year did Jack Nicklaus join the Professional Golfers Association tour 
How many sonnets did Shakespeare write 
What causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush 
Who won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1991 
Who are the Challengers of the Unknown 
Define the Pheonix Club 
Which city did Christian Crusaders fight to recapture from the Muslims 
What does it mean `` Rupee Depreciates '' 
What gaming devices were dubbed `` Mississippi marbles '' and `` Memphis dominoes '' 
Who was the first coach of the Cleveland Browns 
How successful is arometherapy 
What Jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 Mideast War 
How does a copier work 
What is the speed of the Mississippi River 
Who said of Super Bowl III in 1969 `` We 'll win- I guarantee it '' 
What is Dudley Do-Right 's horse 's name 
Who declared `` I am down on whores and I shan 't stop ripping them '' 
Where does chocolate come from 
What TV game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower 
What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce 
Where can I find a case on Individuals with Disabilities Education Act of 1991 
What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in 
Who wrote the song , `` Stardust '' 
How many Beatles ' records went #1 
Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively 
What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' 
What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers 
Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 
What is the function of RAM 
What 's the closest G2 Spectrum Yellow Dwarf to Earth 
How many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle 
What is the fear of cockroaches called 
What CBS soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of John F. Kennedy 's assassination 
What is the use of a 24-hour clock instead of a 12-hour clock 
What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft 
What United States President had dreamed that he was assassinated 
What film did Lee Marvin win the 1965 best actor Oscar for 
Where is Basque country located 
What product does `` Mrs. Olsen '' promote 
What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die 
What is dry ice 
What 's the most powerful card in Euchre 
What does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean 
How many years did it take James Joyce to write Ulysses 
What crop failure caused the Irish Famine 
What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport 
How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three
What is the longest-running television series 
What predators exist on Antarctica 
What is the difference between a generator and an alternator 
How is energy created 
What beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' 
What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war 
What golfing accessory was patented by George Grant on December 12
What are the different types of plastic 
How is it correct to say ` qigong ' 
What was the highest mountain on earth before Mount Everest was discovered 
Where was the Ligurian Republic , 1797-185 , 
What country 's people are the top television watchers 
When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified 
What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand 
What movie tour of the Roman empire features the admonition `` Row well and live '' 
What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World 
What President lived at 219 North Delaware Street , Independence , Missouri 
Give a reason for American Indians oftentimes dropping out of school .
Where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball 
What is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning 
In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected 
What are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding 
What year did Hitler die 
What famous model was married to Billy Joel 
What kind of animal is Babar 
What is Jane Goodall known for 
What killed Bob Marley 
How much money are Dumbo 's ears insured for 
Who danced into stardom with Fred Astaire in 1941 's You 'll Never Get Rich 
Who is Stein Eriksen 
What does the name Billie mean 
Who is the fastest swimmer in the world 
What is the highest peak in Africa 
Where is Procter & Gamble headquartered in the U.S. 
What desert has been called The Garden of Allah 
What do bicornate animals have two of 
What function does a community 's water tower serve 
What is a fear of weakness 
How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina 
How much snow equals an inch of rain 
What does G.M.T. stand for 
What does Inuit and Eskimo mean 
What song served as the closing theme of The Johnny Cash Show 
What field sport did dentist William Beers promote and write a standard book of rules for 
How do I tie dye clothes 
When does the average teenager first have intercourse 
Why doesn 't www.answers.com have any answers to my questions 
What actor 's autobiography is titled All My Yesterdays 
What Russian master spy lived in the U.S. under the name Emil Goldfus 
Where 's the 19th hole on a golf course 
What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes 
Who played the original Charlie 's Angels 
Where can I find a person 's address from a telephone number 
What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire 
What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity 
Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand 
What makes popcorn pop 
Who wrote The Night of the Iguana 
Where does your hair grow the fastest 
What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 
Who painted Mother and Child 
What is the speed of the Mississippi River 
In what area of the world was the Six Day War fought 
What is the brightest star visible from Earth 
What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut 
What was Mao 's second name 
What film or films has Jude Law appeared in 
Where do hyenas live 
Who is the `` Queen Mother '' 
What 's the most commonly-spoken language in Belgium 
Who has more DNA - a man or a woman 
What are Maid-Rites 
What children 's tale contains the line `` Come , Cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' 
What level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism 
How many referees work a soccer game 
What cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth 
How do you say `` fresh '' in Spanish 
What do bee hives do in cranberry bogs 
What caused the Lynmouth floods 
When is the Tulip Festival in Michigan 
Who came up with the name , El Nino 
What movie did Madilyn Kahn star in with Gene Wilder 
What type of bridge is the Golden Gate Bridge 
What dictator has the nickname `` El Maximo '' 
What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' 
What U.S. city is The Queen of the Pacific 
What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter 
What was the first Lifesaver flavor 
Who kept the most famous diary in the English language 
Where can I find out the top 1 singles 
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside 
What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion 
What is the Jewish bible called 
Why is the grass green 
What is a firewall 
What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London 
Which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in Japanese as its new international name 
How long does it take for Spider-Man 's web to evaporate 
Who was Randy Steven Craft 's lawyer 
What was known as the Spice Island 
Who was the first host of Person to Person 
Name the Ranger who was always after Yogi Bear .
What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death 
What does the Statue of Liberty wear on her feet 
Who is the superstar in rent-a-cars 
McCarren Airport is located in what city 
What household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube 
What was the name of Betty Boop 's dog 
What fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming 
What was the Bridge of San Luis Rey made of 
What do economists do 
What country has the largest sheep population 
What do I need to do to take my dog with me to live in Dominica , West Indies for a year 
What country is the world 's largest importer of cognac 
How many years is Johnnie Walker Black Label aged 
What does SIDS stand for 
What is Grenada 's main commodity export 
How much would a black-and-white 1-cent stamp be worth , Thomas Jefferson on it , 
What makes a clitoris sensitive 
What country has the most time zones , with 11 
What `` magic '' does Mandrake employ 
Who is the president of Stanford University 
Whose first presidential order was `` Let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' 
What was introduced commercially by Bayer A.G. of Leverkusen , in 1899 
What city is Logan Airport in 
What is a nanometer 
How many innings are there in a regulation softball game 
When did CNN go on the air 
What is the largest city on the Great Lakes 
What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky 
Who invented baseball 
How many wives did Brigham Young have 
What product on the market is good for hiding facial scars 
How long is the Coney Island boardwalk 
What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs 
What does `` Janelle '' mean 
How do I get another city 's newspaper 
Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .
Who was shot in the back during a Poker game in Deadwood , the Dakota territory 
What are the distinct physical characterstics of the Arabian horse 
What is a fear of thunder 
What animal has killed the most people 
How many colleges are in Wyoming 
What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' 
Where can stocks be traded on-line 
When was the Battle of Hastings 
What kind of file has the extension .dbf 
When did Muhammad live 
What then-derogatory term was applied to the painters Monet , Sisley , Pissarro , Renoir and Degas 
What is a wop 
Where do rocks come from 
How do I stop background noise in a car stereo 
Where do people mountain climb in Nepal 
What is the best college in the country 
What is viscosity 
What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza 
What are the Nordic nations 
Where on the Internet can I get information about the Fifth Amendment on the American Bill of Rights 
What U.S. state borders Illinois to the north 
Name a film in which Jude Law acted .
What is the temperature for baking Peachy Oat Muffins 
What is a fear of bees 
What Vladimir Nabokov novel features Professor Humbert in love with a 12-year-old girl 
What is a green bog 
Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate 
What does a chairbound basophobic fear 
What city is served by Logan International Airport 
What wrestling star became `` The Incredible Hulk '' 
What attracts tourists to Reims 
What game do Steve McQueen and Edward G. Robinson play in The Cincinnati Kid 
What fastener did Whitcomb Judson patent in 1893 
What 's an auberge in France 
Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy 
Where is Procter & Gamble based in the U.S. 
What army was founded by William Booth and his wife Catherine 
What does ribavirin consist of 
Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
What is the web address of the list of e-mail addresses of members of the House of Representatives 
What was her real name 
Why are the ears your center of balance 
Who invented the toothbrush 
What was the name of that popular song the Creeps sang 
Where is the Abominable Snowman said to wander 
What is a fear of being alone 
How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' 
What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk 
When reading classified ads , what does EENTY other stand for 
How many hearts does an octopus have 
What plant has the largest seed 
What was the only country you were allowed to drive into Israel from in 1979 
What 's approaching when a cyclist shouts `` Oil '' 
What baseball star turned down a $1 , 000-a-year contract because he felt he had n't earned it 
What kind of sport is often associated with hooligans 
What video game hero do some of his fans call Chomper 
How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
What is the longest word in the English language ?
In What city or state do the most gay men live in ?
What TV comediennes 's characters include former movie star Nora Desmond , secretary Mrs. Wiggins and a housewife named Eunice ?
What is `` the bear of beers '' ?
Name the operating system that runs on IBM-compatible machines .
What does the name `` Justin '' mean ?
What percentage of the body is muscle ?
What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
What is a golf ball made of ?
What is the Amish religion ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What was the name of the 187s Irish terrorist group in Pennsylvania mining areas ?
Who played the Ringo Kid in the 1939 film Stagecoach ?
Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?
What is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
What animals do you find in the stock market ?
What is color ?
When is the site www.questions.com going to open ?
What did Shostakovich write for Rostropovich ?
What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
How can I get some free technical information on Electric Vehicle ?
Who is the youngest of the Beatles ?
How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
What is a Jellicle Cat ?
Where can I find the best free evidence for debate about Russia ?
What is Bill Gates of Microsoft E-mail address ?
What is the second hardest substance ?
Why did several San Diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
What Russian city boasts the Hermitage Museum ?
When is Bastille Day ?
What makes a tornado turn ?
How many shots can a stock M16 hold ?
What two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
Why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
Who is Coronado ?
What was the name of the movie that starred Sharon Stone and Arnold Schwarzenegger ?
What is artificial intelligence ?
What do flatfish eat ?
Who was the first Holy Roman Emperor ?
What can I use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
What day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
What is the origin of the word , magic ?
What sport do you shag flies in ?
What is white chocolate ?
Where is Trinidad ?
Name the organization that is presided by a Security Council .
Who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` Do ya lo-o-ove me ? Get naked , baby ! '' ?
What kind of wine is Spumante ?
Who portrayed portly criminologist Carl Hyatt on Checkmate ?
How do you say I love you in Spanish ?
What does the name Gina mean ?
What is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
How fast is light ?
What is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
What are shooting stars ?
Whom did the Chicago Bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
When was the first American encyclopedia published ?
What 's the tallest building in New York City ?
How is Easter Sunday 's date determined ?
What is the Motto for the State of Maryland ?
Who is Desmond Tutu ?
Where can I find information on the Narragansett Indians and other tribes in Rhode Island ?
Name a tiger that is extinct .
How many quarters equal a pound ?
What kind of books does Fodor 's publish ?
What are the first names of Rowan and Martin , the stars of TV 's Laugh-In ?
What chapter of the Bible has the most verses ?
Who is the worst US President ever ?
What Asian leader was known as The Little Brown Saint ?
What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
How fast does the fastest car go ?
What is the highest mountain in the world ?
What arch can you see from the Place de la Concorde ?
Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?
How long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
Which way do you turn your Bic to increase the flame - clockwise or counterclockwise ?
Which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
How can I find a phone number of someone if I only know their email address ?
How can you contact play producers and promoters on-line ?
Who is the monarch of the United Kingdom ?
What is a fear of passing high objects ?
What do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
What are the top ten most common girl names in the US ?
Why is black the color of mourning in the West ?
What is the rarest coin ?
What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
Which country is Australia 's largest export market ?
Where is the Kentucky Horse Park located ?
What is a fear of parasites ?
In what Olympic Games did Nadia Comaneci become popular ?
Who does data collection in tourism ?
What was the name of the daughter of the Virginia chief Powhatan that married John Rolfe ?
What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
What does a nihilist believe in ?
What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?
In what sport are these following numbers relevant 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
Who were the four famous founders of United Artists ?
What 2 statues did France give to other countries ?
What are amphibians ?
How many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
Name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents . ''
How far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
Who was the only U.S. President to wear a Nazi uniform ?
Woodrow Wilson served as president of what university ?
Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
What 's the nickname of oddsmaker Jimmy Snyder ?
What is the fear of being loved ?
What was the number of people that Randy Steven Craft was convicted of killing ?
What was Queen Victoria 's title regarding India ?
How is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
How far can a man travel in outer space ?
Where was Lincoln assassinated ?
What type of food makes you fat ?
What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
What kind of animals are Dorsets , Lincolns , Oxfords and Southdowns ?
What are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
What letter is to the right of K on a typewriter keyboard ?
What is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` Hajo ? ''
What is the plural of gulf ?
Whose autobiography is titled Yes I Can ?
What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
What percentage of Americans own their homes ?
What 's the first day of the week ?
What city was President William McKinley shot in ?
What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
Who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the Kansas Pacific Railway ?
What is Bombay duck ?
How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
What double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in Nothing ?
What are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
What 19th-century writer had a country estate on the Hudson dubbed Sunnyside ?
How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
What is a virtual IP address ?
What was the name of the cook on Rawhide ?
What county is Chicago in ?
What is the wingspan of a condor ?
What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
Who was named Admiral of the Ocean Seas and Viceroy and Governor General of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10-?? of all profits of his voyage .
How can I transport files from one computer to another ?
What 's the literary term for a play on words ?
What color were their horses ?
What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
What author landed a 468-pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
How many Americans fought for the British in the American Revolution ?
What kind of education do I need to become a flight attendant ?
What are the two languages of Malta ?
How many oceans are there and name them ?
What happened during the Blackhawk Indian war of 1832 ?
How many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
What does the Latin ante mortem mean ?
What does the name Shawn mean ?
Where is the Danube ?
What lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , $85 million , in U.S. history for Sheika Dena Al-Farri ?
What do you call a group of geese ?
Who delivered his last newscast on March 6 , 1981 ?
How many times has `` Louie , Louie '' been recorded ?
How is Answers.com different from KnowPost.com ?
What is the longest place name in the U.S. ?
What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
Where does Buzz Aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?
Why was the L.A. office of Shea and Gould closed ?
How do I start a bank ?
How do Ouija Boards work ?
What horse did Zorro ride ?
How do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
Where can I find correct tabs for Third Eye Blind songs ?
How do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?
Which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
Why did the chicken cross the road ?
What was Michelangelo 's last name ?
Who is Barbara Jordan ?
Who was the Democratic nominee in the American presidential election ?
What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?
What historical event happened in Dogtown in 1899 ?
What is being done about the millennium bug ?
What was the claim to fame of King Camp Gillette ?
What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?
What is Olestra ?
What Asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
What are two plants that clothes are made from ?
When was Hurricane Hugo ?
What is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
What President-to-be was the first member of Congress to enlist following the attack on Pearl Harbor ?
What was the price of Varian Associates ' vacuum products division ?
When was `` the Great Depression '' ?
What language is mostly spoken in Brazil ?
What college produced the most winning Super Bowl quarterbacks ?
How do you solve `` Rubik 's Cube '' ?
What is prepared mustard ?
What classical Spanish writer warned `` All that glitters is not gold '' ?
What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?
What does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
Who fired Maria Ybarra from her position in San Diego council ?
The italian artist , Maurizio Pellegrin , is how old ?
What type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
What is Colin Powell best known for ?
Who was the first black golfer to tee off in the Masters ?
What city is the setting for Puccini 's opera La Boheme ?
What U.S. President showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
What is measured in curies ?
Whose cover is that of an employee of Universal Import and Export ?
What former president 's daughter has written a book titled Murder in the White House ?
What fictional character is known as the `` melancholy Dane '' ?
Italy is the largest producer of what ?
What longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in Central Park in 1984 ?
What is the meaning of W.B. Yeat 's poem , `` The Three Hermits ? ''
Who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
What is Spumante ?
In what year did Ireland elect its first woman president ?
What is an isthmus ?
What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
Where is Mozambique located ?
What is Mississippi 's state animal ?
What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
What did Dan Aykroyd and John Belushi quit Saturday Night Live to become ?
How many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
How do fuel injectors work ?
How can your school march in the Macy 's Thanksgiving Parade ?
What is the real name of disc jockey `` Wolfman Jack '' ?
What Italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
What city houses the U.S. headquarters of Procter and Gamble ?
What soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
How much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
What does NAFTA stand for ?
Who invented silly putty ?
What new middle school was built in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania last year ?
Who patented the first phonograph ?
What are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
What do manatees eat ?
How do you say 2 in Latin ?
What were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?
What is November 's birthstone ?
What is a Certified Nurse Midwife ?
On average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
What Boris Pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best-seller of 1958 ?
What is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
What is the longest English word ?
What is the purpose of a car bra ?
What is D.B. Cooper known for ?
Who is Colin Powell ?
What species is a colt ?
What is the full name of the PLO ?
What is the smallest country in Africa ?
Who coined the term NN cyberspace `` in his novel NN Neuromancer '' ?
What age followed the Bronze Age ?
What is her profession ?
What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?
What does the word LASER mean ?
What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?
Who was Lauren Bacall 's first husband ?
What is a rhomboideus minor ?
How many hands does Bjorn Borg use when hitting his forehand ?
How many people died on D-Day ?
What U.S. Congressman said `` Keep the faith , baby '' .
Who created the character of Scrooge ?
What is the student population at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst ?
Where is Windsor Castle ?
When did the Dow first reach ?
Why were people recruited for the Vietnam War ?
What party was Winston Churchill a member of ?
What American League baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
Where can I find the names of all the 15 Pokemon ?
What state does Martha Stewart live in ?
Which killer whale died at Sea World of a fungal infection ?
What are the Benelux countries ?
Where 's the Petrified Forest ?
What is a language spoken by the Sioux ?
Where is Tornado Alley ?
Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?
What American poet wrote `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?
What state in the U.S. has the most blacks ?
Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?
What was the occupation of Mandy Rice-Davies ?
What is the city in which Maurizio Pellegrin lives called ?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ?
Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .
What breed of dog was the `` Little Rascals '' dog ?
What are the living conditions in Cuba ?
What color are school buses ?
What is the oldest website on the Internet ?
What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?
What explorers followed Columbus to the Americas ?
Who is actress Goldie Hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
Who banned Peter Rose from baseball for betting on games ?
What are the seven virtues ?
What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?
When was the San Francisco fire ?
What is a fear of food ?
How many casinos are in Atlantic City , NJ ?
What year did the Vietnam War end ?
What are the names of Richard Nixon 's two daughters ?
What 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
What is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
What organization was founded by the Rev. Jerry Falwell ?
What 's the longest river in the world ?
Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?
What company is being bought by Yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
How many double-word-score spaces are there on a Scrabble Crossword Game board ?
What year did Germany sign its nonaggression pact with the Soviet Union ?
What mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
Why were the American soldiers in WWI called `` Doughboys ''
Who was nicknamed The Little Corporal ?
How many CDs has Garth Brooks sold ?
Name the vessel used by the Atari Force in the DC comics .
Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
What 's the sacred river of India ?
What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?
What is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
How many Gutenberg Bibles are there ?
Name the largest country in South America .
What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
What information can you get me on Fairground Park in St. Louis
What was American folk hero John Chapman 's nickname ?
What is the difference between a median and a mean ?
What was the top box office movie in April 1998 ?
What makes thunder ?
What author did photographer Yousuf Karsh call `` the shiest man I ever met '' ?
Which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in Europe ?
What plant is rum made from ?
What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
Name the poet of the poem which begins I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?
Which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
What U.S. state records the least rainfall ?
Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
What was archy , and mehitabel ?
What Texas city got its name from the Spanish for `` yellow '' ?
What are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
What country did the Nile River originate in ?
What color are tennis balls ?
What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?
What excuse did the NATO people give for hitting the Chinese embassy ?
Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?
What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?
What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?
What two countries share the Khyber Pass ?
Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?
What is the origin of the surname of Braun ?
What card game has variations called Canfield , Klondike and Spider ?
What is Australia Day ?
What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
What was the Chivington Massacre ?
What actor starred in 1980 's Blue Lagoon , 1982 's The Pirate Movie and 1983 's A Night in Heaven ?
How many home runs did Lou Gehrig have during his career ?
In what city is the headquarters of Sinn Fein ?
Where can I find information on George Bush ?
Who is the voice of Miss Piggy ?
What is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
What does the word camaro mean , from the GM car the Camaro ?
Who replaced Bert Parks as the host of The Miss America Pageant ?
How many boys play the game in Winslow Homer 's 1872 painting Snap the Whip ?
What is the AIM-54C Phoenix ?
When are sheep shorn ?
What sport is Chris Jogis a top player of ?
What 's the second-largest island in the world ?
What is the definition of low island ?
What century does Captain Video live in ?
What types of water pollution are there ?
How many astronauts manned each Project Mercury flight ?
What soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?
What are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .
Where is Logan Airport ?
What is the difference between Neoclassical art and Romanticism art ?
Who was the first person inducted into the U.S. Swimming Hall of Fame ?
What golfer has been called Ohio Fats and Blobbo ?
Who murdered Leno and Rosemary LaBianca on August 1
What is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
Which of the following men was not married to Rita Hayworth ?
What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
How do you find oxidation numbers ?
What is the state nickname of Mississippi ?
What is Black Hills , South Dakota most famous for ?
What 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
How many students attend the University of Massachusetts ?
Who said , `` I shall return . '' during World War Two ?
What holidays are celebrated in Ireland ?
Who portrayed Etta Place , companion to Butch Cassidey and the Sundance Kid ?
What are the Greek numerals ?
What 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of Laos ?
What is a fear of sleep ?
What auto race was Wilbur Reed the first to win three times ?
What are the most common breeding birds in the U.S. ?
What was organized as a Confederate veterans ' social club in Pulaski , in Tennessee , in 1866 ?
How do you look up criminal records on the Internet ?
Where is the actress , Marion Davies , buried ?
What is an example of an actual case of using the Fourteenth Amendment ?
Who was the Charlie perfume woman ?
Who portrayed `` Rosanne Rosanna-Dana '' on the television show `` Saturday Night Live '' ?
Harvard Sentences
The birch canoe slid on the smooth planks.
Glue the sheet to the dark blue background.
It's easy to tell the depth of a well.
These days a chicken leg is a rare dish.
Rice is often served in round bowls.
The juice of lemons makes fine punch.
The box was thrown beside the parked truck.
The hogs were fed chopped corn and garbage.
Four hours of steady work faced us.
A large size in stockings is hard to sell.
Harvard Sentences
The boy was there when the sun rose.
A rod is used to catch pink salmon.
The source of the huge river is the clear spring.
Kick the ball straight and follow through.
Help the woman get back to her feet.
A pot of tea helps to pass the evening.
Smoky fires lack flame and heat.
The soft cushion broke the man's fall.
The salt breeze came across from the sea.
The girl at the booth sold fifty bonds.
Harvard Sentences
The small pup gnawed a hole in the sock.
The fish twisted and turned on the bent hook.
Press the pants and sew a button on the vest.
The swan dive was far short of perfect.
The beauty of the view stunned the young boy.
Two blue fish swam in the tank.
Her purse was full of useless trash.
The colt reared and threw the tall rider.
It snowed, rained, and hailed the same morning.
Read verse out loud for pleasure.
Harvard Sentences
Hoist the load to your left shoulder.
Take the winding path to reach the lake.
Note closely the size of the gas tank.
Wipe the grease off his dirty face.
Mend the coat before you go out.
The wrist was badly strained and hung limp.
The stray cat gave birth to kittens.
The young girl gave no clear response.
The meal was cooked before the bell rang.
What joy there is in living.
Harvard Sentences
A king ruled the state in the early days.
The ship was torn apart on the sharp reef.
Sickness kept him home the third week.
The wide road shimmered in the hot sun.
The lazy cow lay in the cool grass.
Lift the square stone over the fence.
The rope will bind the seven books at once.
Hop over the fence and plunge in.
The friendly gang left the drug store.
Mesh wire keeps chicks inside.
Harvard Sentences
The frosty air passed through the coat.
The crooked maze failed to fool the mouse.
Adding fast leads to wrong sums.
The show was a flop from the very start.
A saw is a tool used for making boards.
The wagon moved on well oiled wheels.
March the soldiers past the next hill.
A cup of sugar makes sweet fudge.
Place a rosebush near the porch steps.
Both lost their lives in the raging storm.
Harvard Sentences
We talked of the side show in the circus.
Use a pencil to write the first draft.
He ran half way to the hardware store.
The clock struck to mark the third period.
A small creek cut across the field.
Cars and busses stalled in snow drifts.
The set of china hit the floor with a crash.
This is a grand season for hikes on the road.
The dune rose from the edge of the water.
Those words were the cue for the actor to leave.
Harvard Sentences
A yacht slid around the point into the bay.
The two met while playing on the sand.
The ink stain dried on the finished page.
The walled town was seized without a fight.
The lease ran out in sixteen weeks.
A tame squirrel makes a nice pet.
The horn of the car woke the sleeping cop.
The heart beat strongly and with firm strokes.
The pearl was worn in a thin silver ring.
The fruit peel was cut in thick slices.
Harvard Sentences
The Navy attacked the big task force.
See the cat glaring at the scared mouse.
There are more than two factors here.
The hat brim was wide and too droopy.
The lawyer tried to lose his case.
The grass curled around the fence post.
Cut the pie into large parts.
Men strive but seldom get rich.
Always close the barn door tight.
He lay prone and hardly moved a limb.
Harvard Sentences
The slush lay deep along the street.
A wisp of cloud hung in the blue air.
A pound of sugar costs more than eggs.
The fin was sharp and cut the clear water.
The play seems dull and quite stupid.
Bail the boat to stop it from sinking.
The term ended in late june that year.
A Tusk is used to make costly gifts.
Ten pins were set in order.
The bill was paid every third week.
Harvard Sentences
Oak is strong and also gives shade.
Cats and Dogs each hate the other.
The pipe began to rust while new.
Open the crate but don't break the glass.
Add the sum to the product of these three.
Thieves who rob friends deserve jail.
The ripe taste of cheese improves with age.
Act on these orders with great speed.
The hog crawled under the high fence.
Move the vat over the hot fire.
Harvard Sentences
The bark of the pine tree was shiny and dark.
Leaves turn brown and yellow in the fall.
The pennant waved when the wind blew.
Split the log with a quick, sharp blow.
Burn peat after the logs give out.
He ordered peach pie with ice cream.
Weave the carpet on the right hand side.
Hemp is a weed found in parts of the tropics.
A lame back kept his score low.
We find joy in the simplest things.
Harvard Sentences
Type out three lists of orders.
The harder he tried the less he got done.
The boss ran the show with a watchful eye.
The cup cracked and spilled its contents.
Paste can cleanse the most dirty brass.
The slang word for raw whiskey is booze.
It caught its hind paw in a rusty trap.
The wharf could be seen at the farther shore.
Feel the heat of the weak dying flame.
The tiny girl took off her hat.
Harvard Sentences
A cramp is no small danger on a swim.
He said the same phrase thirty times.
Pluck the bright rose without leaves.
Two plus seven is less than ten.
The glow deepened in the eyes of the sweet girl.
Bring your problems to the wise chief.
Write a fond note to the friend you cherish.
Clothes and lodging are free to new men.
We frown when events take a bad turn.
Port is a strong wine with a smoky taste.
Harvard Sentences
The young kid jumped the rusty gate.
Guess the result from the first scores.
A salt pickle tastes fine with ham.
The just claim got the right verdict.
Those thistles bend in a high wind.
Pure bred poodles have curls.
The tree top waved in a graceful way.
The spot on the blotter was made by green ink.
Mud was spattered on the front of his white shirt.
The cigar burned a hole in the desk top.
Harvard Sentences
The empty flask stood on the tin tray.
A speedy man can beat this track mark.
He broke a new shoelace that day.
The coffee stand is too high for the couch.
The urge to write short stories is rare.
The pencils have all been used.
The pirates seized the crew of the lost ship.
We tried to replace the coin but failed.
She sewed the torn coat quite neatly.
The sofa cushion is red and of light weight.
Harvard Sentences
The jacket hung on the back of the wide chair.
At that high level the air is pure.
Drop the two when you add the figures.
A filing case is now hard to buy.
An abrupt start does not win the prize.
Wood is best for making toys and blocks.
The office paint was a dull, sad tan.
He knew the skill of the great young actress.
A rag will soak up spilled water.
A shower of dirt fell from the hot pipes.
Harvard Sentences
Steam hissed from the broken valve.
The child almost hurt the small dog.
There was a sound of dry leaves outside.
The sky that morning was clear and bright blue.
Torn scraps littered the stone floor.
Sunday is the best part of the week.
The doctor cured him with these pills.
The new girl was fired today at noon.
They felt gay when the ship arrived in port.
Add the store's account to the last cent.
Harvard Sentences
Acid burns holes in wool cloth.
Fairy tales should be fun to write.
Eight miles of woodland burned to waste.
The third act was dull and tired the players.
A young child should not suffer fright.
Add the column and put the sum here.
We admire and love a good cook.
There the flood mark is ten inches.
He carved a head from the round block of marble.
She has a smart way of wearing clothes.
Harvard Sentences
The fruit of a fig tree is apple shaped.
Corn cobs can be used to kindle a fire.
Where were they when the noise started.
The paper box is full of thumb tacks.
Sell your gift to a buyer at a good gain.
The tongs lay beside the ice pail.
The petals fall with the next puff of wind.
Bring your best compass to the third class.
They could laugh although they were sad.
Farmers came in to thresh the oat crop.
Harvard Sentences
The brown house was on fire to the attic.
The lure is used to catch trout and flounder.
Float the soap on top of the bath water.
A blue crane is a tall wading bird.
A fresh start will work such wonders.
The club rented the rink for the fifth night.
After the dance, they went straight home.
The hostess taught the new maid to serve.
He wrote his last novel there at the inn.
Even the worst will beat his low score.
Harvard Sentences
The cement had dried when he moved it.
The loss of the second ship was hard to take.
The fly made its way along the wall.
Do that with a wooden stick.
Live wires should be kept covered.
The large house had hot water taps.
It is hard to erase blue or red ink.
Write at once or you may forget it.
The doorknob was made of bright clean brass.
The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.
Harvard Sentences
A pencil with black lead writes best.
Coax a young calf to drink from a bucket.
Schools for ladies teach charm and grace.
The lamp shone with a steady green flame.
They took the axe and the saw to the forest.
The ancient coin was quite dull and worn.
The shaky barn fell with a loud crash.
Jazz and swing fans like fast music.
Rake the rubbish up and then burn it.
Slash the gold cloth into fine ribbons.
Harvard Sentences
Try to have the court decide the case.
They are pushed back each time they attack.
He broke his ties with groups of former friends.
They floated on the raft to sun their white backs.
The map had an X that meant nothing.
Whitings are small fish caught in nets.
Some ads serve to cheat buyers.
Jerk the rope and the bell rings weakly.
A waxed floor makes us lose balance.
Madam, this is the best brand of corn.
Harvard Sentences
On the islands the sea breeze is soft and mild.
The play began as soon as we sat down.
This will lead the world to more sound and fury.
Add salt before you fry the egg.
The rush for funds reached its peak Tuesday.
The birch looked stark white and lonesome.
The box is held by a bright red snapper.
To make pure ice, you freeze water.
The first worm gets snapped early.
Jump the fence and hurry up the bank.
Harvard Sentences
Yell and clap as the curtain slides back.
They are men who walk the middle of the road.
Both brothers wear the same size.
In some form or other we need fun.
The prince ordered his head chopped off.
The houses are built of red clay bricks.
Ducks fly north but lack a compass.
Fruit flavors are used in fizz drinks.
These pills do less good than others.
Canned pears lack full flavor.
Harvard Sentences
The dark pot hung in the front closet.
Carry the pail to the wall and spill it there.
The train brought our hero to the big town.
We are sure that one war is enough.
Gray paint stretched for miles around.
The rude laugh filled the empty room.
High seats are best for football fans.
Tea served from the brown jug is tasty.
A dash of pepper spoils beef stew.
A zestful food is the hot-cross bun.
Harvard Sentences
The horse trotted around the field at a brisk pace.
Find the twin who stole the pearl necklace.
Cut the cord that binds the box tightly.
The red tape bound the smuggled food.
Look in the corner to find the tan shirt.
The cold drizzle will halt the bond drive.
Nine men were hired to dig the ruins.
The junk yard had a mouldy smell.
The flint sputtered and lit a pine torch.
Soak the cloth and drown the sharp odor.
Harvard Sentences
The shelves were bare of both jam or crackers.
A joy to every child is the swan boat.
All sat frozen and watched the screen.
A cloud of dust stung his tender eyes.
To reach the end he needs much courage.
Shape the clay gently into block form.
A ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw.
Hedge apples may stain your hands green.
Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers.
Tight curls get limp on rainy days.
Harvard Sentences
The mute muffled the high tones of the horn.
The gold ring fits only a pierced ear.
The old pan was covered with hard fudge.
Watch the log float in the wide river.
The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily.
The heap of fallen leaves was set on fire.
Write fast if you want to finish early.
His shirt was clean but one button was gone
The barrel of beer was a brew of malt and hops
Tin cans are absent from store shelves
Harvard Sentences
Slide the box into that empty space
The plant grew large and green in the window
The beam dropped down on the workman's head
Pink clouds floated with the breeze
She danced like a swan, tall and graceful
The tube was blown and the tire flat and useless
It is late morning on the old wall clock
Let's all join as we sing the last chorus
The last switch cannot be turned off
The fight will end in just six minutes
Harvard Sentences
The store walls were lined with colored frocks
The peace league met to discuss their plans
The rise to fame of a person takes luck
Paper is scarce, so write with much care
The quick fox jumped on the sleeping cat
The nozzle of the fire hose was bright brass
Screw the round cap on as tight as needed
Time brings us many changes
The purple tie was ten years old
Men think and plan and sometimes act
Harvard Sentences
Fill the ink jar with sticky glue
He smoke a big pipe with strong contents
We need grain to keep our mules healthy
Pack the records in a neat thin case
The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound
The copper bowl shone in the sun's rays
Boards will warp unless kept dry
The plush chair leaned against the wall
Glass will clink when struck by metal
Bathe and relax in the cool green grass
Harvard Sentences
Nine rows of soldiers stood in a line
The beach is dry and shallow at low tide
The idea is to sew both edges straight
The kitten chased the dog down the street
Pages bound in cloth make a book
Try to trace the fine lines of the painting
Women form less than half of the group
The zones merge in the central part of town
A gem in the rough needs work to polish
Code is used when secrets are sent
Harvard Sentences
Most of the news is easy for us to hear
He used the lathe to make brass objects
The vane on top of the pole revolved in the wind
Mince pie is a dish served to children
The clan gathered on each dull night
Let it burn, it gives us warmth and comfort
A castle built from sand fails to endure
A child's wit saved the day for us
Tack the strip of carpet to the worn floor
Next Tuesday we must vote
Harvard Sentences
Pour the stew from the pot into the plate
Each penny shone like new
The man went to the woods to gather sticks
The dirt piles were lines along the road
The logs fell and tumbled into the clear stream
Just hoist it up and take it away
A ripe plum is fit for a king's palate
Our plans right now are hazy
Brass rings are sold by these natives
It takes a good trap to capture a bear
Harvard Sentences
Feed the white mouse some flower seeds
The thaw came early and freed the stream
He took the lead and kept it the whole distance
The key you designed will fit the lock
Plead to the council to free the poor thief
Better hash is made of rare beef
This plank was made for walking on 
The lake sparkled in the red hot sun
He crawled with care along the ledge
Tend the sheep while the dog wanders
Harvard Sentences
It takes a lot of help to finish these
Mark the spot with a sign painted red
Take two shares as a fair profit
The fur of cats goes by many names
North winds bring colds and fevers
He asks no person to vouch for him
Go now and come here later
A sash of gold silk will trim her dress
Soap can wash most dirt away
That move means the game is over
Harvard Sentences
He wrote down a long list of items
A siege will crack the strong defense
Grape juice and water mix well
Roads are paved with sticky tar
Fake stones shine but cost little
The drip of the rain made a pleasant sound
Smoke poured out of every crack
Serve the hot rum to the tired heroes
Much of the story makes good sense
The sun came up to light the eastern sky
Harvard Sentences
Heave the line over the port side
A lathe cuts and trims any wood
It's a dense crowd in two distinct ways
His hip struck the knee of the next player
The stale smell of old beer lingers
The desk was firm on the shaky floor
It takes heat to bring out the odor
Beef is scarcer than some lamb
Raise the sail and steer the ship northward
A cone costs five cents on Mondays
Harvard Sentences
A pod is what peas always grow in
Jerk that dart from the cork target
No cement will hold hard wood
We now have a new base for shipping
A list of names is carved around the base
The sheep were led home by a dog
Three for a dime, the young peddler cried
The sense of smell is better than that of touch
No hardship seemed to make him sad
Grace makes up for lack of beauty
Harvard Sentences
Nudge gently but wake her now
The news struck doubt into restless minds
Once we stood beside the shore
A chink in the wall allowed a draft to blow
Fasten two pins on each side
A cold dip restores health and zest
He takes the oath of office each March
The sand drifts over the sills of the old house
The point of the steel pen was bent and twisted
There is a lag between thought and act
Harvard Sentences
Seed is needed to plant the spring corn
Draw the chart with heavy black lines
The boy owed his pal thirty cents
The chap slipped into the crowd and was lost
Hats are worn to tea and not to dinner
The ramp led up to the wide highway
Beat the dust from the rug onto the lawn
Say it slowly but make it ring clear
The straw nest housed five robins
Screen the porch with woven straw mats
Harvard Sentences
This horse will nose his way to the finish
The dry wax protects the deep scratch
He picked up the dice for a second roll
These coins will be needed to pay his debt
The nag pulled the frail cart along
Twist the valve and release hot steam
The vamp of the shoe had a gold buckle
The smell of burned rags itches my nose
New pants lack cuffs and pockets
The marsh will freeze when cold enough
Harvard Sentences
They slice the sausage thin with a knife
The bloom of the rose lasts a few days
A gray mare walked before the colt
Breakfast buns are fine with a hot drink
Bottles hold four kinds of rum
The man wore a feather in his felt hat
He wheeled the bike past the winding road
Drop the ashes on the worn old rug
The desk and both chairs were painted tan
Throw out the used paper cup and plate
Harvard Sentences
A clean neck means a neat collar
The couch cover and hall drapes were blue
The stems of the tall glasses cracked and broke
The wall phone rang loud and often
The clothes dried on a thin wooden rack
Turn out the lantern which gives us light
The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf
The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month
To have is better than to wait and hope
The price is fair for a good antique clock
Harvard Sentences
The music played on while they talked
Dispense with a vest on a day like this
The bunch of grapes was pressed into wine
He sent the figs, but kept the ripe cherries
The hinge on the door creaked with old age
The screen before the fire kept in the sparks
Fly by night and you waste little time
Thick glasses helped him read the print
Birth and death marks the limits of life
The chair looked strong but had no bottom
Harvard Sentences
The kite flew wildly in the high wind
A fur muff is stylish once more
The tin box held priceless stones
We need an end of all such matter
The case was puzzling to the old and wise
The bright lanterns were gay on the dark lawn
We don't get much money but we have fun
The youth drove with zest, but little skill
Five years he lived with a shaggy dog
A fence cuts through the corner lot
Harvard Sentences
The way to save money is not to spend much
Shut the hatch before the waves push it in
The odor of spring makes young hearts jump
Crack the walnut with your sharp side teeth
He offered proof in the form of a large chart
Send the stuff in a thick paper bag
A quart of milk is water for the most part
They told wild tales to frighten him
The three story house was built of stone
In the rear of the ground floor was a large passage
Harvard Sentences
A man in a blue sweater sat at the desk
Oats are a food eaten by horse and man
Their eyelids droop for want of sleep
A sip of tea revives his tired friend
There are many ways to do these things
Tuck the sheet under the edge of the mat
A force equal to that would move the earth
We like to see clear weather
The work of the tailor is seen on each side
Take a chance and win a china doll
Harvard Sentences
Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger
She was kind to sick old people
The square wooden crate was packed to be shipped
The dusty bench stood by the stone wall
We dress to suit the weather of most days
Smile when you say nasty words
A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew
The water in this well is a source of good health
Take shelter in this tent, but keep still
That guy is the writer of a few banned books
Harvard Sentences
The little tales they tell are false
The door was barred, locked, and bolted as well
Ripe pears are fit for a queen's table
A big wet stain was on the round carpet
The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft
The pleasant hours fly by much too soon
The room was crowded with a wild mob
This strong arm shall shield your honor
She blushed when he gave her a white orchid
The beetle droned in the hot June sun
Harvard Sentences
Press the pedal with your left foot
Neat plans fail without luck
The black trunk fell from the landing
The bank pressed for payment of the debt
The theft of the pearl pin was kept secret
Shake hands with this friendly child
The vast space stretched into the far distance
A rich farm is rare in this sandy waste
His wide grin earned many friends
Flax makes a fine brand of paper
Harvard Sentences
Hurdle the pit with the aid of a long pole
A strong bid may scare your partner stiff
Even a just cause needs power to win
Peep under the tent and see the clowns
The leaf drifts along with a slow spin
Cheap clothes are flashy but don't last
A thing of small note can cause despair
Flood the mails with requests for this book
A thick coat of black paint covered all
The pencil was cut to be sharp at both ends
Harvard Sentences
Those last words were a strong statement
He wrote his name boldly at the top of the sheet
Dill pickles are sour but taste fine
Down that road is the way to the grain farmer
Either mud or dust are found at all times
The best method is to fix it in place with clips
If you mumble your speech will be lost
At night the alarm roused him from a deep sleep
Read just what the meter says
Fill your pack with bright trinkets for the poor
Harvard Sentences
The small red neon lamp went out
Clams are small, round, soft, and tasty
The fan whirled its round blades softly
The line where the edges join was clean
Breathe deep and smell the piny air
It matters not if he reads these words or those
A brown leather bag hung from its strap
A toad and a frog are hard to tell apart
A white silk jacket goes with any shoes
A break in the dam almost caused a flood
Harvard Sentences
Paint the sockets in the wall dull green
The child crawled into the dense grass
Bribes fail where honest men work
Trample the spark, else the flames will spread
The hilt of the sword was carved with fine designs
A round hole was drilled through the thin board
Footprints showed the path he took up the beach
She was waiting at my front lawn
A vent near the edge brought in fresh air
Prod the old mule with a crooked stick
Harvard Sentences
It is a band of steel three inches wide
The pipe ran almost the length of the ditch
It was hidden from sight by a mass of leaves and shrubs
The weight of the package was seen on the high scale
Wake and rise, and step into the green outdoors
The green light in the brown box flickered
The brass tube circled the high wall
The lobes of her ears were pierced to hold rings
Hold the hammer near the end to drive the nail
Next Sunday is the twelfth of the month
Harvard Sentences
Every word and phrase he speaks is true
He put his last cartridge into the gun and fired
They took their kids from the public school
Drive the screw straight into the wood
Keep the hatch tight and the watch constant
Sever the twine with a quick snip of the knife
Paper will dry out when wet
Slide the catch back and open the desk
Help the weak to preserve their strength
A sullen smile gets few friends
Harvard Sentences
Stop whistling and watch the boys march
Jerk the cord, and out tumbles the gold
Slide the tray across the glass top
The cloud moved in a stately way and was gone
Light maple makes for a swell room
Set the piece here and say nothing
Dull stories make her laugh
A stiff cord will do to fasten your shoe
Get the trust fund to the bank early
Choose between the high road and the low
Harvard Sentences
A plea for funds seems to come again
He lent his coat to the tall gaunt stranger
There is a strong chance it will happen once more
The duke left the park in a silver coach
Greet the new guests and leave quickly
When the frost has come it is time for turkey
Sweet words work better than fierce
A thin stripe runs down the middle
A six comes up more often than a ten
Lush ferns grow on the lofty rocks
Harvard Sentences
The ram scared the school children off
The team with the best timing looks good
The farmer swapped his horse for a brown ox
Sit on the perch and tell the others what to do
A steep trail is painful for our feet
The early phase of life moves fast
Green moss grows on the northern side
Tea in thin china has a sweet taste
Pitch the straw through the door of the stable
The latch on the back gate needed a nail
Harvard Sentences
The goose was brought straight from the old market
The sink is the thing in which we pile dishes
A whiff of it will cure the most stubborn cold
The facts don't always show who is right
She flaps her cape as she parades the street
The loss of the cruiser was a blow to the fleet
Loop the braid to the left and then over
Plead with the lawyer to drop the lost cause
Calves thrive on tender spring grass
Post no bills on this office wall
Harvard Sentences
Tear a thin sheet from the yellow pad
A cruise in warm waters in a sleek yacht is fun
A streak of color ran down the left edge
It was done before the boy could see it
Crouch before you jump or miss the mark
Pack the kits and don't forget the salt
The square peg will settle in the round hole
Fine soap saves tender skin
Poached eggs and tea must suffice
Bad nerves are jangled by a door slam
Harvard Sentences
Ship maps are different from those for planes
Dimes showered down from all sides
They sang the same tunes at each party
The sky in the west is tinged with orange red
The pods of peas ferment in bare fields
The horse balked and threw the tall rider
The hitch between the horse and cart broke
Pile the coal high in the shed corner
A gold vase is both rare and costly
The knife was hung inside its bright sheath
Harvard Sentences
The rarest spice comes from the far East
The roof should be tilted at a sharp slant
A smatter of French is worse than none
The mule trod the treadmill day and night
The aim of the contest is to raise a great fund
To send it now in large amounts is bad
There is a fine hard tang in salty air
Cod is the main business of the north shore
The slab was hewn from heavy blocks of slate
Dunk the stale biscuits into strong drink
Harvard Sentences
Hang tinsel from both branches
Cap the jar with a tight brass cover
The poor boy missed the boat again
Be sure to set that lamp firmly in the hole
Pick a card and slip it under the pack
A round mat will cover the dull spot
The first part of the plan needs changing
A good book informs of what we ought to know
The mail comes in three batches per day
You cannot brew tea in a cold pot
Harvard Sentences
Dots of light betrayed the black cat
Put the chart on the mantel and tack it down
The night shift men rate extra pay
The red paper brightened the dim stage
See the player scoot to third base
Slide the bill between the two leaves
Many hands help get the job done
We don't like to admit our small faults
No doubt about the way the wind blows
Dig deep in the earth for pirate's gold
Harvard Sentences
The steady drip is worse than a drenching rain
A flat pack takes less luggage space
Green ice frosted the punch bowl
A stuffed chair slipped from the moving van
The stitch will serve but needs to be shortened
A thin book fits in the side pocket
The gloss on top made it unfit to read
The hail pattered on the burnt brown grass
Seven seals were stamped on great sheets
Our troops are set to strike heavy blows
Harvard Sentences
The store was jammed before the sale could start
It was a bad error on the part of the new judge
One step more and the board will collapse
Take the match and strike it against your shoe
The pot boiled but the contents failed to jell
The baby puts his right foot in his mouth
The bombs left most of the town in ruins
Stop and stare at the hard working man
The streets are narrow and full of sharp turns
The pup jerked the leash as he saw a feline shape
Harvard Sentences
Open your book to the first page
Fish evade the net and swim off
Dip the pail once and let it settle
Will you please answer that phone
The big red apple fell to the ground
The curtain rose and the show was on
The young prince became heir to the throne
He sent the boy on a short errand
Leave now and you will arrive on time
The corner store was robbed last night
Harvard Sentences
A gold ring will please most any girl
The long journey home took a year
She saw a cat in the neighbor's house
A pink shell was found on the sandy beach
Small children came to see him
The grass and bushes were wet with dew
The blind man counted his old coins
A severe storm tore down the barn
She called his name many times
When you hear the bell, come quickly
What a lovely bouquet of flowers
What a cute puppy
What an ugly bug
What a happy ending!
How bright they've grown in the sunlight
How well he listens
How slow they crawl!
How fast you ran!
That birthday cake was so good!
Sheldon's gift was so amazing!
Eugh, that bug is so ugly
I'm so mad right now
He's such a kind soul
That's such a gorgeous ring
Your puppy is such a cutie
You're such a liar
Wow, I really love you
Fantastic, let's go
Happy birthday, Amy
Thank you, Sheldon
I hate you
Ice cream sundaes are my favorite
What a nice evening!
What a pleasant surprise
What treachery
What awful weather
How noble of him to do that!
How clever of you
How kind of him to help the poor man
It was kind of him to help the poor man
How thoughtless of him not to have locked the car
It was thoughtless of him not to have locked the car
Alas for those who never return !
Weve won ! weve own !
What a shame
What a beauty
How ugly Munda is
How happy are they living
It is so sad 
How difficult question it is
What a strange person you are
What a fine evening